Update configuration.md (#111934)
Azure/azure-content: articles/static-web-apps/configuration.md

## Networking

> The `networking` section controls the network configuration of your static web app. To restrict access to your app, specify a list of up to 25 allowed IP address blocks in `allowedIpRanges`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `networking` section controls the network configuration of your static web app. To restrict access to your app, specify a list of allowed IP address blocks in `allowedIpRanges`. See the [quotas](/articles/static-web-apps/quotas.md) page for details on the amount of allowed IP address blocks. 
```

Reviewer 2: @rapopescu16 - would you be able to accept Thomas' suggestion?
